I am a student of design and architecture living in Chicago, but I consider
myself a mindful observer.  A Texan Jew, my family comes from Algeria, Morocco,
Israel, Russia, and Poland.  Growing up in a family with varying cultures and
backgrounds is a piece of my foundation as an observer.  I juggle divergent
opinions and value systems inherent in the traditions of significant people in
my life, which provides me with an opportunity to view the world from multiple
perspectives.  What began as a necessity of mental and social survival in the
family, openness to people's opinions and value systems is now a practice that I
cannot escape.

I want to share my travels, designs, and interests while exposing myself with
opportunities to build relationships with people.  A public presence is critical
to being found. I hope that this class will spark my ambitions of employing a
digital interface that bridges these relationships.  By the end of the semester,
I want to confidently manage an environment that will serve as a personal
portfolio of my life and work.  Additionally, finish with enough knowledge and
enthusiasm to continue learning about how to develop my content as my work
evolves and grows.

Studying architecture at Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) 

I live off-campus in the South Loop.  I enjoy a balanced lifestyle of activity
and relaxation, so I'm either running along the lake, playing sports, and
grabbing beers with friends, or reading a book, drawing, and practicing yoga.  I
love to travel and take photos whenever I get an opportunity, so I went to
Norway this summer on an IIT architecture summer program and had an amazing
experience - everyone should see Norway at least once in their lifetime. Anyway,
FEEL FREE to chat with me anytime you like, I'm always open for a conversation.
